Add a credit types field (#110)
ossf/osv-schema: docs/schema.md

	} ],
	"credits": [ {
		"name": string,
		"contact": [ string ],

>     "type": [ string ]

Reviewer: Can you please fix the indentation here to be consistent with the rest of the file?

Author: I tried but it seems like GH is hellbent on displaying the diff like that 😭 I even copy/pasted the indentation from previous lines to try to match it and as far as I can tell it's consistent with the rest of the file.

	"credits": [ {
		"name": string,
		"contact": [ string ],

>     "type": [ string ],

Author: I have no idea why GH is displaying this line like that.  I even copy/pasted the indentation from previous lines to try to match it 😭

>     "type": [ string ],

Reviewer: Could you please fix the indentation here as well?

Each `credits[].contact[]` entry should be a valid, fully qualified, plain-text URL
at which the credited can be reached. Providing contacts is optional.

### credits[].type[] field

> The `credits[].type[]` field should specify type or role of the individual or entity

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `credits[].type[]` field should specify the role of the individual or entity
```

> The `credits[].type[]` field should specify the type or role of the individual or entity

Reviewer 3: The _optional_ credits[].type[] field ...

Author: Fixed!

being credited.  It must be one of the following defined credit types:

> - `FINDER`: identifies the vulnerability

Reviewer: nit: add a period to the end of this to be consistent with everything else.

- `REPORTER`
- `ANALYST`
- `COORDINATOR`
- `REMEDIATION DEVELOPER`
- `REMEDIATION REVIEWER`
- `REMEDIATION VERIFIER`
- `TOOL`
- `SPONSOR`
- `OTHER`

These values and their definitions correspond directly to the credit types defined in the

> [MITRE CVE specification](https://github.com/CVEProject/cve-schema/blob/master/schema/v5.0/CVE_JSON_5.0_schema.json#L997-L1006).

Reviewer: Can we link to something a bit more reliable in the case of line number changes? 

The descriptions of the types themselves are also very hard to read from the linked JSON. Is this rendered as a human readable web page somewhere? 

Or alternatively, we can just copy the descriptions here inline, which may be more resilient to changes upstream in CVE.

Author: Added the descriptions and updated the link to point to the rendered docs!

> - `OTHER`

Reviewer: Can we add a short description to this one as well?

Author: How is this?

> any other type or role that does not fall under the categories described above.

Reviewer: SGTM👍

> - `FINDER`: identifies the vulnerability.
> - `REPORTER`: notifies the vendor of the vulnerability to a CNA.
> - `ANALYST`: validates the vulnerability to ensure accuracy or severity.
> - `COORDINATOR`: facilitates the coordinated response process.
> - `REMEDIATION DEVELOPER`: prepares a code change or other remediation plans.
> - `REMEDIATION REVIEWER`: reviews vulnerability remediation plans or code changes for effectiveness and completeness.
> - `REMEDIATION VERIFIER`: tests and verifies the vulnerability or its remediation.
> - `TOOL`: names of tools used in vulnerability discovery or identification.
> - `SPONSOR`: supports the vulnerability identification or remediation activities.
> - `OTHER`: any other type or role that does not fall under the categories described above.

Reviewer 2: I know we took these definitions verbatim from the MITRE CVE spec, but I think we should change them to use past tense actions rather than present tense.

```suggestion
- `FINDER`: identified the vulnerability.
- `REPORTER`: notified the vendor of the vulnerability to a CNA.
- `ANALYST`: validated the vulnerability to ensure accuracy or severity.
- `COORDINATOR`: facilitated the coordinated response process.
- `REMEDIATION DEVELOPER`: prepared a code change or other remediation plans.
- `REMEDIATION REVIEWER`: reviewed vulnerability remediation plans or code changes for effectiveness and completeness.
- `REMEDIATION VERIFIER`: tested and verified the vulnerability or its remediation.
- `TOOL`: names of tools used in vulnerability discovery or identification.
- `SPONSOR`: supported the vulnerability identification or remediation activities.
- `OTHER`: any other type or role that does not fall under the categories described above.
```

			"https://twitter.com/JaninaKowalska01",
			"mailto:nina@kowalska-family.net"
		],

>     "type": "REMEDIATION DEVELOPER",

Reviewer: nit once again: please fix the indent :)

Author: VSCode refuses to remember to switch to tabs 😭 fixed
